spliting files...
normal_operator_size = 3
normal operator run count = 3
critical_operator_size = 4
critical_operator run count = 10
[1;31mrunning test case 9483[0m
start nodes....
Run init operator
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator StartNewNode
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
running operator DqliteGet
node 0 is unintentially terminiated.
check failed!
stopping...
check failed!
backup test cases
9484
